Dream to grow into a brave lady
Dear Toastmasters, today I’ll introduce someone to you who dreams to grow into a brave lady --- That’s me. My name is Na Liu. I come from Shandong province and get my bachelor and master degree from Zhejiang University.
My dream is to grow into a brave lady. Why? Because I was timid and I wanted to be brave.
What’s bravery? At first I thought it’s to conquer my weakness. I tried. I grow up in Shandong province where the house is warmly equipped. But I feared coldness a lot. In winter, I always wore gloves, wore 2 sweaters under a heavy winter jacket. When I was 15, one day I arrived the school very late. Why? Why it took my classmates 15 minutes but me an hour? Because my classmates rode bicycles but I walked behind the bank of a dry river with my bicycles rolling in my hand. Why? Because it was a cold day and the bank of the river blocked the chilly wind for me. But I wanted to be brave. So I went to a college in Hangzhou. And you know the winter in Hangzhou, right? Cold, no warming equipment, no warm air-conditioners at that time, just like the weather on last weekend here in Shanghai. I studied in Hangzhou for 8 years. But the overcoming of coldness didn’t make me feel brave. 
I continued to seeking the answer.
What’s bravery? Could it be to improve myself? I tried again. 4 years ago I got a chance to work in Germany and I went there. I was alone, no friends and was timid to contact strangers. But I wanted to be brave. So I went outside, opened my mouth to communicate with local people. I even knocked my neighbor’s door asking for help to fix an equipment at 9pm while it’s normally unusual to knock someone’s door without reservation after 7pm in Germany. They could call the policemen. But you know what? I not only get help, but my neighbors are so warm-hearted, they encouraged me to attend more activities: charity, sports, visiting churches, hearing orchestras etc. And I got new friends, communicated a lot with local people. I did it. However, these entries didn’t grant me the feeling of bravery either.
So what’s bravery? I am a Christian. I finally find the answer from the Bible. In the Bible God tells me 2 principles:
1.	Love God 
2.	Love others as myself.
So bravery to me means:
•	When meeting conflicts, speak out my opinion frankly focusing on solving the issue;
•	When hearing malicious words against my old-yet-still-single personal status, keep calm and continue to look for my Mr. Right;
•	When meeting mocking, stand up, stick to myself and ignore the bad languages;
•	When being horned with praisal, appreciate it and go on with my best;
•	When feeling uncomfortable at body, go jogging.
In one sentence, bravery to me is doing things under the 2 principles: love God, love others as myself and of course, love myself. 
Dear Toastmasters, what’s bravery to you? Please share your opinions with me --- a person who dreams to grow into a brave lady. Thank you.

